== KaraHi MSF

KaraHi MSF(Multi Source Feedback) is a support system for 
the self-development of the human resources.

The superiors evaluate his subordinates work in the 
top-down evaluation group the Human Resources 
Department gave. The subordinates evaluate his 
co-workers work in the multifaceted evaluation group.

To help an hassle-free evaluation, this system provides 
following features.

* help superiors and subordinates who enter the evaluation scores
* help Human Resources Department staffs set up the top-down and multifaceted group
* show results and summaries of the evaluation

== REQUIREMENTS

This system will work fine in Debian GNU/Linux 6.0, and on
Ruby on Rails 3.0.1.

This depends on following packages,

* Ruby 1.9.2
* PostgreSQL 8.4

and following gem packages.

* rails (3.0.1)
* pg (0.9.0)
* ruby-debug19 (0.11.6)
* will_paginate (3.0.pre2)
* test-unit (1.2.3)
* rspec-rails (2.0.1)
* prawn (0.11.1.pre)
* net-ldap (0.1.1)

== INSTALLATION

At the command prompt, install dependent gem packages.

  bundle install

Configure the database.

  cp config/database.yml.example config/database.yml
  rake db:create:all
  rake db:migrate

Load fixtures into the database.

  rake db:fixtures:load FIXTURES_PATH=spec/fixtures

Configure the application.

  cp config/environments/development.yml.example \
    config/environments/development.yml

Test the installation by running WEBrick web server.

  rails server

Open your browser with http://localhost:3000.
You will see the application welcome page.

Use default administrator account to log in.

* login:iwamichi
* password:iwamichi

== IPA Font

This application uses the IPA Font license font(ipag.ttf)
which released under the IPA Font license. See 
IPA-Font-License.txt in ./ipag00303 directory 
for more details.

== LICENSE

This is free software released under the MIT-license.
See LICENSE.txt for more details.

== CONTACT

OCC Corporation. http://www.occ.co.jp
